---
title:day32
date:2025-12-30
---
I am worried that my progress on tidying up the first project on forecasting is too slow. I am not confident about
my coding in Python. I haven't systematically learned coding there. Remember that there isn't a best way to learn
and mastering everything at one go is impossible. Since you have started Ana Bell's Python book, finishing it. Then moving
to Angela's course on Udemy for the first 15 days. Reading the documentation of Pandas and Numpy should be enough.

For forecasting, I want to go over IMF's course. It stops at the cointegration model. I want to implement exercise
there in Python instead of Eviews. It is impossible to finish everything as I plan today. I hope to
finish everything up to IMF forecasting course by tomorrow noon. Then working on Coursera's free trial machine learning 
course tomorrow until night.

How is this plan contributing to my goal of tidying up the Deminis Helper? I already have a good start
but it is no enough. It doesn't matter how many projects I am doing and what matters is the quality of individual project.

I think a realistic goal finishing the Deminis Helper project to the highest level with the check list
from Maria Wayss and then started a simple project with deep learning on using online videos as trainers.
If I can finish these two projects by January 3rd, then I will be at a OK position to apply for both econ and data science jobs.
Then, next week, I will do another project related to ML/AI in finance to make myself competitive in the domain of quant jobs.

An alternative strategy is updating Deminis Helper around January 1st and then start ML finance and accent training project at the same time.
Making sure I have news lines on the resume before I apply for more jobs on Jan 4th. 

So the road map is:
* Ana Bell's book
  * Python class remaining in unit 7 :)
* First 15 days of Angela notebook
* Reading Pandas doc
* Reading Numpy doc
* Finishing IMF-Edx forecasting course
* Finishing Coursera's ML course
* Revising the Deminis Helper project with updated tariffs and an auto data injection pipeline
  * The focus will clean data correcting and implement an automatic process
* Getting started on the intonation trainer with Youtube videos.
* Getting started on AI discovering trading and market signal
  * I want to do a Level 5 ML project with the newest architecture based on reinforcement learning and neuro symbolic.




