---
title: day37
date: 2026-01-04
---

What I have done over the holiday:

I finished the last intervie on Dec 10th. So, it has been 24 days. I have done:
* Finished adding forecasts to my De Minimis Project and filled out job apps with updated resume (Dec 22)
* Finished 2 modules of SQL on Datacamp between Dec 26-27, 2025 and be familiar with up to set operations. Haven't started window functions. zack's [DataExpert](https://www.dataexpert.io/questions) has many SQL questions. Yes, there are much more left to explore on Datacamp. The end of Datacamp 3-month trial is March 20, 2026.
* Starting Dec 29, 2025, I worked on the basics of machine learning. The course goes over the very basics, making it a good start. I want to get it done on Janurary 4, 2026. Once I finish watching all the videos in the second module, I will go over the notebook and practice with focused questions I want to know about. 
* I went over the basics of Python again finished on Dec 31, 2025. I felt it wasted time playing around Pycharm, but I discovered a course on Numpy and AI-supported Youtube Player in the Jetbrain Academy.
* I started a one-hour Pandas tutorial through [Linkedin Learning](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/advanced-pandas-29724107/getting-started-with-pandas?resume=false), and I discovered Effective Pandas 2, a great resource for this library.
* I am 90% done with a [Numpy course](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/18302-mastering-python-libraries--numpy). 
* I figured out that my experience of time series econometrics and causal inference are my greatest assets. I adapt my resume emphasizing the innovative application of econometrics. Yeah, I have a 2026 version of resume. 
* The biggest complishment I felt was putting up more American accents. 


To do next week: 
* Submitting my dissertation (work on it on January 5, 2026)[done]
* Finish applying jobs on JOE.[done]
* Finish all lessons about 6 hours left in David Stern's book. dis 3[done] [ 4, 5, 6 discs (need three hours)]
* Finish courses related to PostgreSQL at Datacamp and set up a plan to practice SQL.
* Finish 1 hour tutorial Pandas and working through the book Effecive Pandas 2. 
* Finish the short course on ML at Coursera.
* Get started apply for OPT.
* I imagine have a quant version of resume and adding big data tool to my resume. Getting this started by looking at Jane Street forecasting contest.


Lump-sum: about 7800 tuitions. Monthly finance I need to factor in:
* phone bill: 30
* github: 4
* linkedin premium (jan and feb, cancel later): 15
* AAA: 112.84
* Apple storage: 1.6
* Apple music: 10.99
* Chatgpt: 20
* Google storage: 2.91
* Gas: 40
* Overleaf: 9


