---
title: day75
date: 2026-02-11
---

Today is 14th and I need to do the OA on Monday night. Other than continuing job applications, I want to be really proficient with the 
* Python DSA upto array and hashmap
* Numpy [x] 
* Pandas
* Experimentation (design, metrics, and analysis)
* Causal inference (randomized control trial and difference-in-differences)
* Prob and Stats (logistic regression)  

* I want to focus on experimentation part this afternoon for 6h[x]. 
* Then, I want to work on job app for about 2.5h. [-] 
* Then, I want to do some grocery shopping and eating. [x]
* I want to go back school to push through finishing remaining parts of experimentation. 
* I also want to finalize reviewing Pandas and related graphing. 

The goal is summarize the basic patterns of Pandas and graphying. I don't why am I moving forward so slowly.

Be sure to have Sunday focusing on causal inference and using Python to do causal analysis. Remember to review and do practice of Python array, Pandas on Sunday. The ultimate goal is finishing these blocks by Sunday and use the time on Monday to do review and take the test at 10PM. 

**to do list**
- Datacamp course on sampling [x---]
- refreshed Python fundamentals [done]
- refreshed Numpy and again [done]
- applying for at least 10 jobs [xx--------]
- finish experiment part on Datacamp
    - hypothesis testing [----]
    - experiment design [x---]
- finish remaining Datacamp courses on Pandas[-----]
- go over notes on Pandas []
- start to practice 20 hard Leetcode Pandas questions []
- Do MHE in Python
    - ch 1[x]
    - ch 2[]
    - ch 3[]
    - ch 4[]
    - ch 5[]

    