---
title: day62
date: 2026-01-29
---

<details>

I haven't been productive so far. I don't think I am OK. The older I get, the stronger feeling that I am moving myself to the wrong direction I get. I feel like I am running out of time. I want to finish Datacamp Python, ML, MLop tracks. Forget about what other people talk about Datacamp, I find it useful and comprehensive. It takes a lot of time to understand after some digging by myself. I haven't applied for any single job so far after the first week of January. I want to finish Datacamp Python and ML tracks by Friday night, and then I want to apply for Economist jobs. I want to start a routine of apply for 20 jobs every day. To such large quantity, I want to have my own online platform editing my resume and tailor it to specific use. Let me check again how much progress I have made so far. 



### Job application check list
* editted resume again on Jan 10th and again on Jan 21

### Preparation checklist
Behavior interview preparation
* I made a big progress on accent reduction


SQL: done
* continuing doing practices

ML
* 3 out of 4 courses of Coursera Machine Learning, but I haven't working on any exercise.
* MLflow
* Xgboost
* neuronetwork/transformers
* ML system design

AI

Data Engineer
*  Snowflake
*  Docker, Flint, Kafla
*  Airflow
*  Databrick
*  Pyspark
*  Git
    * Finished beginner.


Data structure and algorithms (i.e. coding in Python)
* Almost finished the basics of Python from Anna Bell's book.

Useful packages in Python:
•	Numpy: done
•	Pandas: 
•	Matlibplot
•	Seaborn

Experimentation
* W&B

Causal inference of observational data

Time series
* I started with standard textbook.

</details>